Instagram Data Policy
This policy describes the information we process to support Facebook, Instagram, Messenger and other products and features available from Facebook ( all Facebook products or products). You can view additional tools and information in Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings .
I. What kind of information do we collect?
To make all Facebook products available, we must process your information. The information we collect depends on how you use our products. You can learn how to access and delete the information we collect by going to Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings .
The work you and others do and provide.
Information and materials you provide. We collect the content, communications and other information you provide when you use our products, including when you sign up for an account, create or share content, and message or interact with other people doing is involved. This may include information about or related to the content you provide, such as the location of a photo or the date the file was created. This may also include what you see through the features we provide, such as our camera, we can suggest you try masks or filters that you might like, or even suggest camera formats to use. Our systems automatically process the content and communications provided by you and others in order to analyze their context and other material for the purposes described below . Learn more about how to control who can see the content you share .
Data with special protection: You can choose to provide information about your religious outlook, political viewpoint, what you're "interested in," or about your health in your Facebook Profile field or life events. This and other information (such as ethnic or racial origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership) may be subject to special protection under the laws of your country.
Network and Connection. We collect information about the people, Pages , accounts, hashtags and groups you are associated with and how you interact with them on our products, such as the people you interact with or the groups with the most in which you are included. We also collect contact information when you choose to upload, sync or import it from a device (such as a contact list or call log or SMS log history), which we use to locate people you identify. In order to help you and others, and for the other purposes listed below .
use by you. We collect information about how you use our products, such as the types of content you view or link to; the features you use; actions you take; The people or accounts you interact with and the time, frequency and duration of your activities. For example, we log when you are using our products when you last used our products and what posts, videos and other content you see on our products. We also collect information about how you use our features, such as our camera.
Information on transactions made on our products. If you use our products for purchases or financial transactions (such as when you buy or donate something while playing a game ), we collect information about those purchases or transactions. This includes payment information, such as your credit or debit card number and other card information; other account and authentication information; and billing, shipping and contact details.
The work other people do and the information they give about you. We also receive and analyze the content, communication and information that others make available when they use our products. This can include information about you, such as when people share or comment on a photo of you, send you messages, or upload, sync, or import your contact information.

device information
As described below, we collect information from and about the computers, phones, connected TVs and other web-connected devices you use that are linked to our products and we collect this information from you. are included in the different devices used. For example, we use the information we collect about your use of our products on your phone to better personalize the content (including advertising ) or features that you may find on other devices. But as you see when you use our product on your laptop or tablet or we use this information to determine whether you took any action in response to an advertisement we displayed on your mobile or other device .
The information we obtain from these devices includes the following:
Device Attributes: This includes information such as operating system, hardware and software versions, battery level, signal capacity, available storage space, browser type, application and file name and type, and plugins.
Device operation: The operation of the device and the actions performed on it, such as whether a window is in front or in the background or the movement of the mouse (which helps to differentiate between humans and bots).
Identifier: special identifier, device ID and other identifiers, such as a game, app or account identifier and family device ID (or other identifier that especially the device or connected to the account you use Facebook the company's products to be it).
Device signal: Bluetooth signal and information about nearby Wi-Fi access points, beacons, and cell towers.
Data from Device Settings: Information you allow us to collect when you turn on Device Settings, such as your GPS location, access to the camera or photos.
Network and connections: Information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, language, time zone, mobile phone number, IP address, connection speed and, in some cases, information about other devices near you or on your network, so that we can connect to your phone Can help you with tasks like broadcasting videos to TV .
Cookie Data: Data stored on your device from cookies, including cookies ID and settings. To learn more about how we use cookies, see the Facebook Cookie Policy and the Instagram Cookie Policy .

Information received from partners.
Advertisers, app developers and publishers may send information to us through the Facebook Business Tools they use, including our social plug-ins (such as the 'Like' button), Facebook Login, our APIs and SDKs, or the Facebook Pixelare also included. These partners make available information about your activities off Facebook—including information about your device, the websites you visit, the purchases you make, the ads you see, and whether you use their How you use the Services—regardless of whether or not you have a Facebook account or whether you're logged into Facebook. For example, a game developer may use our API to tell us what games you play or a business may tell us about purchases you make in their stores. We also receive information about your online and offline actions and purchases from third-party data providers who have the authority to provide your information to us.
Partners receive your data when you visit or use their services or from third parties with whom they work. Each of these partners requires that these partners have legal rights to collect, use or share your data before providing any data to us. Learn more about the partners we get data from .
For more information about how we use cookies in relation to Facebook Business Tools, see the Facebook Cookie Policy and the Instagram Cookie Policy .


II. How do we use this information?
We use the information we hold (subject to your selection) as described in the Facebook Terms and the Instagram Terms to provide and support the Facebook Products and related services. Here's how:
Providing, personalizing and improving our products.
We use the information we hold to deliver our products, including personalizing features and content (including your News Feed , Instagram Feed , Instagram Stories and ads), as well as providing you with recommendations on and off our products Includes (such as groups or events that might interest you or topics you might want to follow). For you to have personalize and create unique and relevant products, we are using your connection, preferences, interests and activities based on the data that we collect from you and others know (with special security dataincludes what you choose to provide); how you use and interact with our products; and the people, places, or things that you are associated with and are interested in, on or off our products. Learn more about how we use information we find about you to personalize your Facebook and Instagram experience, including features, content, and recommendations for Facebook products. How we choose the ads you see .
Information on Facebook Products and Devices: Across all Facebook Products that you use, we link information about your activities across various Facebook products and devices, for a more unique and consistent experience, regardless of where you use them. For example, we may recommend that you join a group on Facebook that includes people you follow on Instagram or interact with using Messenger. We can make your experience even more seamless, for example, by automatically filling in your registration information (such as your phone number) from another Facebook product when you sign up for an account on a product.
Location-related information: we do and others for including ads provide their products, they personalize and improve location-related information using are like your current location, where you live, they go further You like and the businesses and people around you. Location-related information, the device's specific location (if you have given us permission to collect it), IP addresses, and information obtained from your and others' use of the Facebook Products (such as check-ins and events you attend are) based on such things.
Product Research and Development: We use the information we have to develop, test and improve our products, including conducting new product and feature surveys and research and testing and repair.
Facial recognition: If you have this turned on, we use facial recognition technology to recognize you in photos, videos and camera experiences. The facial recognition templates we create may include data that is protected under the laws of your country . Learn more about how we use facial recognition technology or how we control our use of this technology in Facebook Settings . If we introduce facial recognition technology into your Instagram experience, we'll first notify you and you'll be able to control whether or not we use this technology for you.
Ads and other sponsored content: We use other information we have about you, including information about your interests, actions and connections, to personalize the ads, offers and other sponsored content that we show you. Find out more about how we select and personalize ads and your preferences in the data we use to select ads and other sponsored content for you in Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings .

Providing evaluation, analysis and other business related services.
We use the information we hold (including your activity outside of our products such as the websites you visit and the ads you see) to assess the effectiveness and delivery of our ads and services to advertisers and other partners . as well as to help them understand the different people who use their services, and to help them learn how people interact with their websites, apps, and services. Learn how we share information with these partners .

Promoting defense, integration and security.
We use the information we hold to verify accounts and activities, combat harmful practices, detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety and security on or off Facebook Products. do to give. For example, we use the data we hold to investigate suspicious activities or violations of our terms and policies, or to find someone who needs help . For more information, visit the Facebook Safety Help Center and Instagram's Safety Tips .

communicating with you.
We use the information we hold to send you marketing communications, communicate with you about our products, and inform you about our policies and terms. When you contact us, we also use your information to respond to you.

To do research and innovation for social welfare.
We use the information we hold (including information from research partners with whom we are affiliated) to support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being . For example, we analyze the information we have about displacement methods during times of crisis to assist with relief efforts . Learn more about our research program .


III. How is this information shared?
Your information is shared with others as follows:
Facebook product sharing
The people and accounts with whom you share and communicate with.
When you share and communicate using our products, you choose the audience for the information to be shared . For example, when you post on Facebook, you choose an audience to post to, such as all your friends, people, or a customized list of people. Similarly, when you use Messenger or Instagram to communicate with people or do business, those people and businesses can see the contacts you send. Your network may also see the actions you take on our products, including interactions with ads and sponsored content. We also let other accounts see who viewed their Facebook or Instagram Stories.
Public information can be viewed by anyone on or off our products, even if they do not have an account. This includes your Instagram username; all information you share with a public audience; information in your public profile on Facebook ; and Facebook Pages, public Instagram accounts, or any other public platform such as Facebook MarketplaceBut the content you share is included. You, other people using Facebook and Instagram, and we may provide any person with access to public information or access such information through tools and APIs on or off our products including Facebook Company Products, search results can send. Public information may also be viewed, accessed and re-shared or downloaded through third-party services such as search engines, APIs and offline media such as TVs and apps, websites and services provided in our products can be done.
Learn more about what information is public and how to control your visibility on Facebook and Instagram .
Content that others share and reshare about you.
You should consider who you choose to share content with, as people who can see your activity on our products may also share it with others on and off our products, including outside audiences of the people and businesses with whom you have shared content. For example, when you share a post or send a message to a specific friend or account, they may download screenshots of that content or share that content on or off all of our products in their own or virtual reality experiences, such as You can re-share with others on Facebook places . Also, when you comment on someone else's post or react to their content, your comment or reaction is visible to everyone who can see the content of others, and that person may later change the audience.
People can also use our products to create content about you and share it with the audiences they choose. For example, people can share a photo of you in a story, mention or tag you at a location in a post, or share information about you in their posts or messages. If you feel uncomfortable with what people share about you on our products, you can learn how to report content .
Information about your active status or presence on our products.
People in your network may see signals that tell them whether you're active on our products, including whether you're currently active on Instagram , Messenger or Facebook, or the last time you visited our products. when was it used.
Applications, websites and third-parties linking to or using our products.
When you use third-party applications, websites or other services that use or are linked to our products, they may receive information about what you post or share. For example, when you play a game with your Facebook friends or use the Facebook Comment or Share button on the Website, the game developer or website may receive information about your activities in the game, or they may receive comments or links. What you share on Facebook from the website. Also, when you download or use such third-party services, they may access your public profile on Facebook and any information you share with them. Apps or websites you use may receive your Facebook friends list, If you choose to share it with them. But such applications and websites will not be able to receive any other information from you about your Facebook friends or any of your Instagram followers (although your friends and followers may, of course, choose to share the information themselves). The information collected by these third-party services is subject to their own terms and policies, not this policy.
The devices and operating systems that provide the native versions of Facebook and Instagram (i.e. where we have not created our own first party apps) will have access to any information you choose to provide to them, including information that you have Friends share with you so they can provide you with our core functionality.
Note: We are in the process of further limiting access to developer data to help prevent abuse. For example, if you haven't used a developer's app for 3 months, we'll remove developer access to your Facebook and Instagram data, and we're also changing the login feature so that in the next version we'll be able to access that data. to reduce what may be requested by an app without an app review to only know the name, Instagram username and introduction, profile photo and email address. Requesting any additional data will require our approval.
new boss.
We may transfer your information to the new owner if there is a change in the ownership or control of all or part of our products or their assets.

Sharing with third party partners
We work with third party partners who help us provide and improve our products, or who use Facebook Business Tools to grow their businesses, which help our companies operate and people around the world. Makes it possible to provide free services. We do not and will never sell any of your information to anyone. We also place strict restrictions on how our partners can use and disclose the data we provide. Here are the types of third-parties with whom we share information:
Partners who use our analytics services.
We provide aggregated statistics and insights that help people and businesses learn how people are interacting with their posts, lists, Pages, videos and other content on and off Facebook Products. For example, Page admins and Instagram business profiles get information about the number of people or accounts who viewed, reacted to or commented on their posts, as well as aggregate demographics and other information that enabled them to Helps to understand the interaction with the Page or account.
advertiser.
We provide advertisers with reports about the people who are viewing their ads and how their ads are performing, but we do not share information that personally identifies you (such as your name or email address). may be used to contact you or identify who you are) unless you give us permission to do so. For example, we provide advertisers with information on general demographics and interests (for example, stating that an ad has been viewed by a woman aged between 25 and 34 years who lives in Madrid and who Engineering is preferred) so that they can better understand their audience. We also confirm which Facebook ads prompted you to purchase or take an action from the advertiser.
evaluation partner.
We share your information with companies that collect it to provide analytical and valuation reports to our partners.
Partners who offer goods and services on our products.
When you subscribe to receive premium content or purchase something from a seller in one of our products, the content creator or seller may receive your public information and other information that you share with them, including shipping And also get the information required to complete the transaction including contact details.
Vendor and Service Provider.
We provide information and materials to vendors and service providers that support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our products are being used, providing customer service, making payments By making easy or taking surveys.
Researcher and academic scholar.
We also provide information and materials for research partners and academics to conduct research that advances scholarship and innovation that supports our business or mission, and promotes general social welfare, technology advancement, public interest, health and welfare. Increase discovery and innovation across topics.
Law enforcement or legal requests.
We share information with law enforcement or in response to legal requests in the circumstances outlined below.
See Facebook settings and Instagram settings to learn more about how you and others control the information you share about you with third party partners .


IV. How do all Facebook companies work together?
Facebook and Instagram integrate the infrastructure, systems, and technology with other Facebook companies to deliver a new, relevant, consistent and secure experience across all Facebook Company products that you use.(including WhatsApp and Oculus). We at the Facebook Companies also process information about you for these purposes, as permitted by applicable law and in accordance with their terms and policies. For example, we process information from WhatsApp about accounts that send unsolicited content to its services so that we can take appropriate action against such accounts on Facebook, Instagram or Messenger. We also work to understand how people use and interact with all of the Facebook Company products, such as the number of unique users across different Facebook Company products.


V. How can I manage or delete my information?
We give you the right to access, repair, port and delete your data. Find out more about this in your Facebook settings and Instagram settings .
We store data for as long as it is needed to provide our Services and Facebook Products or until your account is deleted - whichever is earlier. This is a case-by-case determination dependent on such things as the nature of the data, why it was collected and processed, and the relevant legal or operational retention requirements. For example, when you search for something on Facebook, you can access and delete it from your search history at any time, but that search is logged after 6 months. If you submit a copy of your government-issued ID for account verification, we delete this copy 30 days after it is submitted, unless otherwise stated. Cookie data received through content you share and social plug-ins Learn more about deleting.
When you delete your account, we remove things you've posted, like your photos and status updates, and you won't be able to recover that information later. Information shared by others about you is not part of your account and will not be deleted. If you do not wish to delete your account but wish to temporarily stop using the Products, you can deactivate your account instead. Please go to Facebook Settings and Instagram Settings to delete your account at any time .


VI. How do we respond to legal requests or avoid harm?
We access, store, and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or other bodies:
When required by law, in good faith, we may collect your information in response to a legal request (such as a search warrant, court order or summons). This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside the United States where we have a good faith belief that being liable is required by the law of that jurisdiction, effective on users in that jurisdiction, and in accordance with internationally recognized standards.
when we have a good faith belief that: detect, prevent and address fraud, unauthorized use of products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activities; defend yourself (including our rights, property and products), including you or others, as part of an investigation or statutory inquiry; or to prevent death or bodily harm. For example, we exchange information about the credibility of your account with third party partners, when relevant, to prevent fraud, abuse and other harmful activities on and off our products.
Information we receive about you (financial transactions related to Facebook purchases) when subject to legal request or obligation, government investigation or investigation into possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise data) can be accessed and protected for a long time. We may also retain information about accounts that have been disabled due to violation of the Terms for at least one year to prevent repeat contempt or other breaches of the Terms.


VII. How do we operate and transfer data as part of our global services?
We share information globally, internally with the Facebook Companies and externally with our partners and the people you connect with and share around the world in accordance with this Policy. For example, your information may be transferred or transmitted, stored and processed in the United States or other countries outside of your country of residence for the purposes set forth in this policy. These data conversions are necessary to provide the services set forth in the Facebook Terms and the Instagram Terms and for the global operation of our Products and to make them available to you. We use standard contract clauses for certain countries, where applicable, in accordance with the suitability decisions of the European Commission. Rely on and obtain your consent to these data transfers to the United States and other countries.


VIII. How will we notify you of changes to this policy?
We will notify you before making changes to this policy and give you an opportunity to review the changed policy before you continue to use our products.


IX. How to contact Facebook with questions
You can find out more about how privacy works on Facebook and Instagram . If you have any questions about this policy, you can contact us as described below.
You can contact us online or by mail at:

Facebook, Inc.
ATTN: Privacy Operations
1601 Willow Road
Menlo Park, CA 94025


Date of last revision: 11 January 2021
